Clarify alternative commands to npm install in Writing Addons - Tutorial (#224)
ember-learn/cli-guides: guides/writing-addons/intro-tutorial.md

**From the directory of the app using the addon:**
1. `yarn link <addon-name>` or `npm link <addon-name>`.
2. In the Ember app's `package.json`, add a `devDependencies` entry for your addon, like `"addon-name": "*"`. The `*` means that it will include all version numbers of our addon.

> 3. Run `yarn install` or `npm install` in the app (if using the app for the first time, use `npm install --prefer-offline` or `npm install --offline` instead of `npm install`. This is because `npm install` by default will check the online npm registry for your addon instead of your local storage)

Reviewer: **suggestion**

I think the following changes could help improve the paragraph even more. What do you think?

```suggestion
3. Run `yarn install` or `npm install` in the app. (If you are using the app for the first time, you can use `npm install --prefer-offline` or `npm install --offline` instead. These alternative commands can speed up installation, because `npm install` checks the online npm registry for your addon instead of your local storage.)
```
